=== same opening, different temperatures ===

--- temperature 0 (greedy: always the most likely token) ---
One day, Ben found a box of crayons. He wanted to draw a picture of a big sun. He took the crayons and started to draw. He drew a big sun, a sun, and a sun. He was very happy with his drawing.

But then, he heard a loud noise. It was a big dog. The dog was angry. It saw Ben and his drawing. It ran to Ben and bit his paper. Ben screamed and cried. He ran to Ben and tried to help him.

Ben was scared and ran to Ben. He said, "Ben, are you okay? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I was just playing. I wanted to make you happy."

Ben was still scared, but he was also brave. He said, "I'm sorry, Ben. I was just playing. I didn't mean to scare you. I just wanted to play. Can we be friends again?"

Ben smiled and said, "Yes, we

--- temperature 0.5 ---
One day, Ben found a box in the park. It was a big box with a bow on it. Ben wanted to see what was inside. He opened the box and saw a shiny thing. It was a coin. Ben was very happy. He took the coin and put it in his pocket. He wanted to show it to his friend, Lily.

But when he opened the box, he saw a big dog. The dog was brown and brown. It had sharp teeth and a long tail. Ben was scared. He ran to the dog and tried to grab it. The dog ran away with the coin. Ben was very sad.

Lily ran to Ben and hugged him. She said, "Ben, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to break your coin. Can I play with you?" Ben said, "No, Lily. You have your owners. You have your own friends." He threw the coin at Lily. Lily cried and ran away.

Lily was very sad. She

--- temperature 1.0 ---
One day, Ben found a box in the park. It was a big box with a red bow. Ben thought it was fun to roll on the box. He ran to get it, but it was dark and hard. He tried to pull it off, but it was too hard.

"Where can I go first?" he asked his mom. "Mommy, can we go for a ride?"

His mom looked in the box and saw a big teddy bear on the shelf. She knew Tom had to be careful and not roll on it. But Ben liked things that looked like real things.

"Okay, mom. I will try. But I will wait for my teddy bear." She gave him a blue one.

"This is my teddy bear. It has a beautiful bow on its head. I'm so busy. Who is nicer?"

Ben thought for a moment. He liked his teddy bear very much. He wanted to look like the teddy bear.



--- temperature 1.5 ---
One day, Ben found a box that belonged to Sara's daddy when he returned. They had lots of toys, or candy and candy in them. However, the box made a very sick, the most people were very ignorant and did stupid children have done what they had done. The children felt very miserable and sad.

Ben's daddy had no idea how to fix his box for work anymore. He called to mom and Daddy, telling them a story they knew of how kind Jack's help was. From then on, the brother kept on using his things to do things in trouble. Everyone in the village was very proud of him.

From then on, the two birds shared stories and always brought love in commure. They didn't need anyone in his knowledge to find peace inside whenever the family had someone to get hurt. Working them was full of happy things it didn't work on with us forever’.
